In the earlier lessons we saw how we can build out a quiz application from scratch just connecting to
an API.
It's now it's up to you.
There's a number of different API.
So they're on the web.
There's a Star Wars API for instance that can pull information about Star Wars people.
So we've got information about Luke Skywalker height mass blond hair skin color and so on.
So you can make use of these various API is try them out and pull in that data and then output that
data within your web page.
There's also the random user api.
So there's another really good one.
I'm just going to listed in here as commented.
So you could really easily just swap these out and try out different API is here and there's a number
of ways to customize this.
You can go into vehicles you have to go people you could go planets and you see all the information
that gets returned back.
You can just do planets by itself.
And that's going to list out a whole count of them.
So if you want to practice looping through multiple values you can do that as well here.
So you've got results and then you can loop through all of those results as well.
So go ahead try this for yourself and you can also see that there's a follow up page so page to page
3 so you can practice looping through all the different pages as well and build the sauteing your application.
Try it out.
Practice working with Ajax and the various API that are online.
You can always google for additional API.
If you do run into some problems go out and try it out on code pen and see if that fixes any of the
coures issues that you might be having locally.
So they don't all work locally.
So that's just a word of advice and some of them do need some type of authentication or token or a key.
So always keep that in mind as well.
So unless you've actually created the API you don't really have a whole lot of control on accessing
it and making use for it.
So you have to go through and filter through ones that work.
So always try it first before you go through the trouble of building out all of the coding and try it
out because it doesn't mean that necessarily if it works in your browser it's going to also work within
your local application.
So try it out first create a really simple Ajax request however you are l and then simply try it out
and see if you can return the data.
And if you can return the data then you're all good to continue to build the application
also continue to practice with Ajax pulling in data and outputting it within your web page.